Migrate from MdBook to MkDocs (#5062)
astral-sh/uv: docs/first-steps.md

- `uv python list`
- `uv python find`

> See the documentation on [toolchains](./python-versions.md) for more details on getting started.

Author: I think?

Reviewer: Maybe?

```suggestion
See the documentation on [Python version management](./python-versions.md) for more details on getting started.
```

Or maybe the Python guide? I can own fixing this eventually — lots to do in this doc.
